alright everybody let's get this show on
the road I'm gonna set you guys up in
three stations I'm going to take number
ones first the ones we're going to go
down by the monument we're gonna put you
in the shade and at least it has this
really great out fish there's this
really cool hat I think we're gonna go
with the beauty dish with you because I
think that would create under that hat
some nice beautiful flat light or under
there the awesome all right number one
let's go okay you guys ready here's what
we're going to do here's this fantastic
fantastic outfit on she looks like an
early spring fall fashion editorial
right this is awesome for us we have
Macy's right in the background we can do
our fashion editorial right here I want
to put annalisa in such a fashion that
some of the light from the Sun is behind
her but not really killing her right
keeping her out of the Sun we want our
light low enough to get enough light
underneath that great hat okay so you
can go right up against there that is
perfect like that that's awesome
turn to me yep just like that alright
we'll take our initial test shot just
like that perfect
it's so awesome
okay it's a fabulous simple elegant look
you guys ready to start shooting alright
let's go okay come on
alright number two we're gonna shoot
something a little more creative than
what's on the other side we're going to
lower this let's try that
okay right there it's perfect here we
have it that's what I want right there
simple and elegant take a few more yet
perfect up to the leg again right there
outstanding drop the chin perfect
that's the grinch tight light what we
want is that kind of control have her
move around and have her look into the
light do four or five different poses
around and you'll get that beautiful
light up right and straight forward so
you get this quit light and you get that
full frontal light all right
Micah model apart ten shots send them
along
okay this is our last look of the day
we're going to do a three speedlight
editorial kind of look up against this
door I really like this door I like the
graphics of it our key light is a
low-tech Odin the Nikon d800 and you'll
mode at half power we're going to add
some light to this side and watch this
wall which got a little bit of light
then we're going to add some light right
here with the grid we have our key right
here we have an edge in an edge
these lights are only going going to
affect the areas behind the two models
this will be our key light
we'll have this high and put our drop
shadow down low all right very simple
and let's go yep just like that with
that yep perfect
you are right there awesome
okay everybody comes into this station
take three frames then we move on out
alright
so our workshop is wrapping up we had a
blast many thanks to our lovely models
and to be an H photo for hosting our
event until next time thank you and
happy shooting whether you're a hobbyist
or professional pnh has the answers to
your questions experience a world of
technology at our New York City
superstore connect with us online or
give us a call our staff of experts is
happy to help